Girl: Do you believe in puppy love?
Boy: I tried it once, but their assholes are too small.

Husband says; "When I'm gone you'll never find another man like me".
Wife replied; "What makes you think I'd want another man?"

A woman walks up to a guy in a blue bathing suit and says, "Did you know your eyes match your swim trunks?" He says, "Why? Are my eyes bulging?"

"I told my wife that a man is like a fine wine... I always get better with age. The next day, she locked me in the wine cellar."

Innkeeper: The room is $15. a night. It's $5. if you make your own bed.
Guest: I'll make my own bed.
Innkeeper: Good. I'll get you some nails and wood.

Love thy neighbor all through the day... but first make sure her husband's away!

"Waiter! This coffee tastes like mud." "Yes sir, it's fresh ground."

I wonder what fish smelled like before women went swimming?

HUSBAND: Shall we try a different position tonight?
WIFE: That's a good idea... you stand by the ironing board while I sit on the sofa and fart.

A lady says to the psychiatrist, "I think I might be a nymphomaniac." He says, "I'll see what I can do to help you. My fee is eighty dollars an hour." She says, "How much for all night?"

A reporter was interviewing a 104 year-old woman: "And what do you think is the best thing about being 104?" She simply replied, "No peer pressure."

A couple is lying in bed. The man says, "I am going to make you the happiest woman in the world" The woman says, "I'll miss you."

"Hey Bill... Do you talk to your wife while you are having sex?"
"Only if there's a phone handy", Bill replied.

A man speaks frantically into the phone, "My wife is pregnant, and her contractions are only two minutes apart!" "Is this her first child?" the doctor queries. "No, you idiot!" the man shouts. "This is her husband!"

Two skeletons meet, and one asks the other, "Did you die before the Social Security reform, or after?"... "No, I'm still alive."

One man calls emergency:
- Come immediately, my little son has swallowed a condom!
After five minutes, the same man calls back:
- It is OK, I found another one.

Waiter: "Tea or coffee, gentlemen?"
1st customer: "I'll have tea."
2nd customer: "Me, too. And be sure the glass is clean!"
(Waiter exits, returns)
Waiter: "Two teas. Which one had the clean glass?"

"Got anything to eat, lady?" asked the tramp.
"Do you mind eating last week's leftovers?"
"Not at all."
"Good. Come back next week then"

A guy says, "I remember the first time I used alcohol as a substitute for women."
"Yeah? What happened?" asked his friend.
The first guy replies, "Well, er, I got my penis stuck in the neck of the bottle."

Wife: There's something preying on my mind.
Husband: Don't worry, it'll soon die of starvation.

Were do people with 1 leg work? At IHOP!

When I came back to Dublin I was court marshaled in my absence and sentenced to death in my absence, so I said they could shoot me in my absence.

I was walking down the street with my wife earlier when she accused me of being ashamed to be seen with her.
"That's total bollocks" I replied.
By text, from across the road.

TEACHER: John, why are you doing your math multiplication on the floor? 
BOY: You told me to do it without using tables.

Going 2 d toilet is like an argument wiv ur GF. u start wiv lots of tension, sit,express ur feelings, create a lot of noise and finally. DROP THE MATTER..

A man in Hell asked Devil:Can I make a call to my Wife?After making call he asked how much to pay.Devil: Nothing, Hell to hell is Free.

If you ever want to call a family meeting, just turn off the WIFI router and wait in the room in which it is located.

Boy: "I got an F in arithmetic." Father: "Why?" Boy: "The teacher asked 'How much is 2×3?' and I said '6'" Father: "But that's right!" Boy: "Then she asked me 'How much is 3×2?'" Father: "What's the fucking difference?" Boy: "That's exactly what I said!"

Teacher : whoever answers my next question, can go home. One boy throws his bag out the window Teacher : who just threw that?! Boy : Me! I’m going home now.

Behind every successful student, there is a deactivated Facebook account.

A new teacher was trying to make use of her psychology courses. She started her class by saying, "Everyone who thinks they're stupid, stand up!" After a few seconds, Little Johnny stood up.  The teacher said, "Do you think you're stupid, Little Johnny?" "No, ma'am, but I hate to see you standing there all by yourself!"

A wife send her husband an sms on a cold winter evening: "Windows frozen". The husband send answer back: "Pour some warm water over them". Some time later husband receives answer from his wife: "The computer is completely fucked now".

Little Johnny comes running into the house and asks, "Mommy, can little girls have babies?"  "No," says his mom, "of course not."  Little Johnny runs back outside yelling to his friends, "It's okay, we can play that game again!"


